# The Spellbook of Refactoring

![Spellbook of Refactoring](images/spellbook-of-refactoring.png)

In the shadowed world of Azeroth, beyond the well-trodden paths of adventurers and heroes, lies a secret that has been
whispered through the ages among the most erudite mages of the Kirin Tor. It speaks of an ancient relic, the **Spellbook
of Refactoring**, buried deep beneath the ruins of the **legendary Gilded Rose Inn**. This spellbook, imbued with the
raw essence of the algorithm, holds the power to unlock unparalleled mastery over code, a treasure beyond gold for those
who dare to seek it.

Legend tells that the spellbook lies at the heart of the **Library of the Moon**, a maze so cunningly crafted that it
shifts and changes like the wind. Walls move, floors rotate, and what once was a passage may become a dead end in the
blink of an eye. It was designed by a forgotten race, their knowledge of backbone and marionette unmatched, to protect
the spellbook from falling into unworthy hands.

![Library of the Moon](./images/library-of-the-moon.png)

For centuries, many have tried to navigate the library, drawn by the lure of the spellbooks’s power. Wizards and
scholars, driven by ambition and the thirst for knowledge, have ventured into its depths, never to return. The maze's
reputation grew with each disappearance, until it became a symbol of ultimate challenge, a riddle no mind could solve.

But now, the stars align, and the arcane energies surge, signaling to those with the wisdom to listen that the library
is opening once more. As a **W**izard **D**eveloper team of the Kirin Tor, known not just for your prowess in battle but
for your deep understanding of the arcane algorithms that weave the fabric of magic itself, you have been chosen for
this quest.

Armed with nothing but your wits, your knowledge of code and algorithms, and a deep resolve, you stand at the entrance
of the **Library of the Moon**. The air is thick with magic, the ancient stones whispering secrets of a bygone era. The
entrance before you is a gaping maw in the earth, steps leading down into darkness. With a deep breath, you and your
fellows step forward, the light from your **I**ridescent **D**usk **E**lixir cutting through the shadows.

Your task is clear: navigate the ever-changing corridors of the library, overcome its tricks and traps, and **find the
Spellbook of Refactoring**.

So begins your journey into the **Library of the Moon**, a journey not just of physical endurance but of mental acuity.
Each step takes you deeper into the heart of the maze, where magic and logic intertwine. Remember, the walls may shift,
but the principles that guide you are eternal. Find the spellbook, and with it, secure your place among the legends of
Azeroth.

## The Archmage of Code

As you descend into the dimly lit corridors of the **Library of the Moon**, the air grows cold, and a sense of
anticipation fills your bones. The winding path leads you to a vast cavern, illuminated by crystals pulsating with
arcane energy. In the center of the cavern stands a guardian, a creature of legend and magic: **The Archmage of Code,
Keeper of the Ancient Scripts**, its silver hair shimmering with the colors of the spellbound crystals surrounding it.

![Archmage](images/archmage.png)

The Archmage fixes its ancient, wise eyes upon you, and in a voice that resonates through the very stone beneath your
feet, it speaks. "Greetings, seeker of the **Spellbook of Refactoring**. I am the guardian of this path, and to pass
beyond, you must answer my three questions. Beware, for truth is the key; a single falsehood, and you shall not
proceed."

The air around you seems to thicken with magic as the Archmage poses its challenges:

1. "In the halls of valor and code, where heroes and developers alike dare tread, tell me, what style of testing does
   Leeroy Jenkins and the **W**isdom **Ch**annelers hold most dear? A method that charges ahead, fearless and bold,
   seeking glory in every test run."

2. "Now, brave adventurer, name the three words of vagueness, terms so imprecise, that uttering them in your test
   descriptions would summon the wrath of the goblin hidden in shadows. These words, like mist, obscure clarity and
   invite doom upon those who dare speak them in haste."

3. "Lastly, a question of wisdom passed through ages, a mantra for those who shape the world through code. Who is the
   sage who uttered these timeless words: 'First, make the change easy, then make the easy change'? Speak the name of
   this visionary, and you shall prove your worth."

The Archmage falls silent, its gaze piercing. The crystals’ glow seems to pulse in rhythm with your heartbeat as you
ponder the answers. Your journey through the code has prepared you for this moment, and with confidence, you begin to
respond, knowing that each answer brings you one step closer to the **Spellbook of Refactoring**.

## Arcanis the Chrono-Librarian

With the Archmage's questions answered to its satisfaction, a shimmer passes through the air, and the creature nods
solemnly, acknowledging your wisdom and knowledge. "Well answered, seekers. You have proven your worth, and thus, I
grant you passage deeper into the Library of the Moon." With a graceful nod, the Archmage dissipates into a cloud of
arcane dust, leaving behind only the echo of its voice and a path forward, now unguarded.

![arcanis-the-chrono-librarian.png](images%2Farcanis-the-chrono-librarian.png)

As you proceed, the library's walls seem to pulsate with an ancient power, guiding you yet deeper into its heart. The
air is thick with magic, the very stones whispering of ages past. It is not long before you come to another chamber,
this one bathed in a gentle, ethereal light. Here, in the center of the chamber, you find a second guardian, a being of
light and shadow, Arcanis the **Ch**rono-**L**ibrarian. Unlike the Keeper of the Ancient Scripts, this creature exudes
calmness and curiosity, its form constantly shifting, a mesmerizing dance of light.

"Greetings, traveler," the **Chrono-Librarian** speaks, its voice a melody, harmonious and soothing. "You have journeyed
far and proven yourself worthy. But the path ahead is fraught with complexity beyond mere knowledge or bravery. To reach
the Spellbook of Refactoring, you must demonstrate wisdom and insight."

From its form, the **Chrono-Librarian** produces a map, intricate and detailed, glowing softly with an inner light. "
This map," it continues, "represents the library that lies before you. But beware, for the library is ever-changing, a
puzzle that shifts with the sands of time. Only by finding the shortest path will you reach the spellbook and, with it,
a way back to the world you know."

With a gesture of farewell, the **Chrono-Librarian** fades away, leaving you alone with the map. The task is clear:
using the map, you must determine the shortest path through the library to the **Spellbook of Refactoring**. The journey
will require all your skills in algorithms, for a wrong turn could lead you astray, lost in the maze forever.

**Mark your path in the map with red X characters to pass this challenge!**

## The Quantum Arcanites

Having navigated the library's twists and turns with unmatched skill and wisdom, you finally arrive at the heart of the
maze. Here, in a chamber carved from the very essence of Azeroth itself, lies the **Spellbook of Refactoring**. Its glow
bathes the room in a soft, ethereal light, casting long shadows that dance along the walls. As you step forward to claim
the spellbook, a sense of accomplishment fills your being. But this moment of triumph is soon overshadowed by an
unexpected discovery.

![quantum-arcanites.png](images%2Fquantum-arcanites.png)

As the **Spellbook of Refactoring** pulses in your hand, the chamber at the heart of the Library of the Moon reveals its
final mystery. **Q**uantum **A**rcanites, tiny glowing creatures, awakened by the spellbook's magic, start to fill the
room with their luminescence. Observing their behavior, you quickly discern a pattern to their multiplication, a key
that will determine your fate and the urgency of your escape.

These creatures, after appearing, spend the first 3 seconds in a state of curiosity, exploring their immediate
surroundings with an innocent wonder. But once these initial 3 seconds pass, each creature begins to spawn a new
companion every 7 seconds, a cycle of birth that each of their offspring continues after their own 3-second period of
acclimatization.

With 8 of these creatures currently illuminating the chamber, their numbers are:

- 2 creatures that appeared 6 seconds ago, on the verge of creating new companions in just 4 seconds.
- 2 creatures that emerged 5 seconds ago, each 5 seconds away from spawning anew.
- 1 creature that materialized 4 seconds ago, its multiplication imminent in 6 seconds.
- 1 creature that appeared 3 seconds ago, with 7 seconds until it spawns another.
- 2 creatures that burst into existence merely 1 second ago, their time to multiply still 9 seconds ahead.

The realization hits you; in just 4 seconds (in the 5th second from now), the number of creatures will increase from 8
to 10 as the oldest among them spawn their first offspring. The library, vast as it is, can only contain up to 18
billion of these creatures before becoming completely impassable (according to your estimates).

With the knowledge of their multiplication pattern and the current count in hand, you begin to calculate how long you
have before the library fills with the glowing swarm, rendering escape impossible. This calculation will not only
require your sharp intellect but also a deep understanding of exponential growth and the ability to forecast their
population under the constraints of time.

**How much time (in seconds) do you have to get out of the library before it becomes completely impassable?**

## Escape from the Library of the Moon

As you finalize your calculations, a path to safety becomes clear. With a deep breath, you begin your final journey
through the **Library of the Moon**, the **I**ridescent **D**usk **E**lixir's light guiding you and your fellow
wizards, the swarm of **Quantum Arcanites**, a glowing sea in your wake. Every step, every turn, is a race against time,
a testament to your skill, determination, and the power of knowledge.

![elixir.png](images/elixir.png)

The exit draws near, the outside world beckoning with the promise of freedom and the end of your quest. With one final
push, you emerge from the library, the spellbook secure, its legacy yours to bear. Behind you, the maze seals once more,
its secrets safe until the next worthy seeker comes forth.

Thus concludes your journey through the **Library of the Moon**, a tale not just of adventure, but of growth, learning,
and the unyielding pursuit of knowledge.

